Update Introduction page (#278)
radicle-foundation/radworks-docs: docs/community/README.md

Radworks is a community dedicated to **cultivating internet freedom**. In a world that almost entirely relies on software, maintaining the resilience and health of the free and open source ecosystem is more important than ever. We strive to demonstrate the viability — in cost, labor, quality, and resiliency — of open-source software and its development.

> Radworks operates as a community-governed network that uses both and off- and on-chain governance mechanism to gain consensus around decisions as a community. See the “Overview” section for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Radworks operates as a community-governed network that uses both and off- and on-chain governance mechanisms to make decisions as a community. See the “Overview” section for more information.
```
